9. Applications using TCP and UDP Sockets like d. DNS e. SNMP f. File Transfer
/*

1. This line says to get some tools from the toolbox to use in the program.
2. This line says to get some string tools from the toolbox to use in the program.
3. This line says to get some socket tools from the toolbox to use in the program.
4. This line says to get some internet tools from the toolbox to use in the program.
5. This line says that the main part of the program starts here. It tells the computer how many things the person using the program wants to give it.
6. This line says to make 4 empty boxes to use later in the program.
7. This line says to make 2 empty structures to use later in the program.
8. This line says to make a big empty box to store messages later in the program.
9. This line says to make a socket and get its handle to use later.
10. This line says to check if the socket was made correctly.
11. This line says "Socket created" if the socket was made correctly.
12. This line says to set the family of the server structure to internet family.
13. This line says to set the server structure to listen on any available network.
14. This line says to set the port number of the server structure to 8888.
15. This line says to bind the socket to the specified IP address and port.
16. This line says "bind done" if the bind was successful.
17. This line says to listen for incoming connections on the socket.
18. This line says "Waiting for incoming connections...".
19. This line says to set the value of `c` to the size of the `sockaddr_in` structure.
20. This line says to accept an incoming connection and get its handle.
21. This line says "Connection accepted" if the connection was accepted.
22. This line says to receive messages from the client and store it in the big empty box. The loop continues as long as there is a message to receive.
23. This line says to send the message back to the client.
24. This line says to check if the client has disconnected.
25. This line says "Client disconnected" if the client disconnected.
26. This line says to check if there was an error while receiving the message.
27. This line says to print an error message if there was an error while receiving the message.
28. This line says the program is done and everything was successful.
*/
